Job Title: FIELD SERVICE ENGINEER Company: CYTEK BIOSCIENCES, INC. Department: SERVICE DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS: EXPERIENCE QUALIFICATIONS: Previous experience in Flow Cytometry Repair is a plus, but not required. OTHER QUALIFICATIONS: KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES: The director of operations manufacturing must demonstrate the following key attributes of this position; · Ability to manage a rapidly changing schedule. · Ability to function with minimal written resources is essential. · Excellent interpersonal and customer service skills are essential. · Good organizational and time management skills. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: This is a full-time position, and hours of work and days are Monday through Friday, 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. with evening and weekend work required as job duties demand. Individual will be able to travel on commercial airlines, train, rental/leased car to fulfill job duties. Individual will be required to lift 25lbs without harm, be able to work in a standing position for 4 hours at a time. Job Type: Full-time Experience: Education: License: Install, troubleshoot and repair flow cytometers and Cytek Upgrade products with proficiency in a timely manner. Work professionally and courteously as an individual with Cytek’s customers in continuous support of Cytek’s reputation of service excellence. Identify customer needs and contribute to improvements in Cytek products. Manage the daily schedule to ensure appropriate priority is placed upon urgent customer needs while setting customer expectations for issues of less urgency. Customer Management through telephone technical support, service visit scheduling, product problem information gathering, fault isolation, corrective action, and site visit closure with high quality and efficiency. Complete all Business related transactions to include Field Service Reports, Instrument Qualification Reports, Parts Return Tags, and Travel Expenses in a timely manner with high accuracy. Manage personal Service spare parts inventory to ensure accuracy and currency on a regular basis. Bachelor's degree in Life Sciences, Engineering, or technical Military service preferred. 4-year Previous experience in Flow Cytometry in a lab setting is a plus, but not required. Work experience with the repair or service of electrical or mechanical equipment is preferred. Ability to learn new technologies quickly and skills in troubleshooting intra-connected complex systems is essential. Familiar with the Microsoft Office suite of programs. Ability to travel domestically and internationally up to 75% of the time. Medical Devices: 2 years (Required) Field Service Engineer: 2 years (Required) Flow Cytometry: 2 years (Preferred) Preferred Driver's License (Required)